README.md, before:

# BlendedThemes
A collection of Blended themes for v6.0.0 and up.

## Orbit

![Orbit screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BlendedSiteGenerator/BlendedThemes/master/screenshots/orbit.png)

Orbit is a resume theme.

## Heather

![Heather screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BlendedSiteGenerator/BlendedThemes/master/screenshots/heather.png)

Heather is a basic and clean theme.

## Geo

![Geo screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BlendedSiteGenerator/BlendedThemes/master/screenshots/geo.png)

Geo is a blog/resume theme.

## Detox

![Detox screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BlendedSiteGenerator/BlendedThemes/master/screenshots/detox.png)

Detox is a modern and minimalistic theme.

## Clean Blog

![Clean Blog screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BlendedSiteGenerator/BlendedThemes/master/screenshots/clean-blog.png)

Clean Blog is a modern blog theme with a fill width header.

### Menus

#### Primary

This theme supports a menu entitled `primary` with the fields `title` and `link` for use as the main page navigation.

#### Social

This theme supports a menu entitled `social` with the fields `icon` and `link` for use as the social navigation.

## Blended Software

Blended Software is a theme specifically designed for any type of software or app project.

### Menus

#### Primary

This theme supports a menu entitled `primary` with the fields `title` and `link` for use as the main page navigation.

## Blended Blog

Blended Blog is a simple line-layout blog theme.

### Menus

#### Social

This theme supports a menu entitled `social` with `link` and `icon` fields.

## Blended Simple

Blended Simple is a minimal starter template for anyone who wants to create a theme.

### Menus

This theme does not support any menus.

Commit message:

finished adding in the menus

README.md, after:

# BlendedThemes
A collection of Blended themes for v6.0.0 and up.

## Orbit

![Orbit screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BlendedSiteGenerator/BlendedThemes/master/screenshots/orbit.png)

Orbit is a resume theme.

### Menus

This theme does not support any menus.

## Heather

![Heather screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BlendedSiteGenerator/BlendedThemes/master/screenshots/heather.png)

Heather is a basic and clean theme.

### Menus

This theme does not support any menus.

## Geo

![Geo screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BlendedSiteGenerator/BlendedThemes/master/screenshots/geo.png)

Geo is a blog/resume theme.

### Menus

#### Primary

This theme supports a menu entitled `primary` with the fields `title` and `link` for use as the main page navigation.

#### Social

This theme supports a menu entitled `social` with the fields `icon` and `link` for use as the social navigation.

#### Secondary

This theme supports a menu entitled `primary` with the fields `title` and `link` for use as the main page navigation.

## Detox

![Detox screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BlendedSiteGenerator/BlendedThemes/master/screenshots/detox.png)

Detox is a modern and minimalistic theme.

### Menus

This theme does not support any menus.

## Clean Blog

![Clean Blog screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BlendedSiteGenerator/BlendedThemes/master/screenshots/clean-blog.png)

Clean Blog is a modern blog theme with a fill width header.

### Menus

#### Primary

This theme supports a menu entitled `primary` with the fields `title` and `link` for use as the main page navigation.

#### Social

This theme supports a menu entitled `social` with the fields `icon` and `link` for use as the social navigation.

## Blended Software

Blended Software is a theme specifically designed for any type of software or app project.

### Menus

#### Primary

This theme supports a menu entitled `primary` with the fields `title` and `link` for use as the main page navigation.

## Blended Blog

Blended Blog is a simple line-layout blog theme.

### Menus

#### Social

This theme supports a menu entitled `social` with `link` and `icon` fields for use as social navigation.

## Blended Simple

Blended Simple is a minimal starter template for anyone who wants to create a theme.

### Menus

This theme does not support any menus.
